Add service waze_travel_time.get_travel_times (#32062)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/waze_travel_time.markdown

- The string inputs for `Substring *` allow you to force the {% term integration %} to use a particular route or avoid a particular route in its time travel calculation. These inputs are case insensitive and matched against the description of the route.
- When using the `Avoid Toll Roads?`, `Avoid Subscription Roads?` and `Avoid Ferries?` options, be aware that Waze will sometimes still route you over toll roads or ferries if a valid vignette/subscription is assumed. Default behavior is that Waze will route you over roads having subscription options. It is therefor best is to set both `Avoid Toll Roads?` and `Avoid Subscription Roads?` or `Avoid Ferries?` if needed and experiment to ensure the desired outcome.

## Service `waze_travel_time.get_travel_times`

This service populates [response data](/docs/scripts/service-calls#use-templates-to-handle-response-data)
with route alternatives and travel times between two locations.

| Service data attribute | Optional | Description | Example |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- | --------|
| `origin` | no | The origin of the route | "51.330436, 3.802043" |

> | `destination` | no | he destination of the route | "51.330436, 3.802043" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `destination` | no | The destination of the route | "51.330436, 3.802043" |
```

| `region` | no | The region. Controls which waze server is used. | "us" |
| `units` | yes | Which unit system to use | metric |
| `vehicle_type` | yes | Which vehicle to use | "car" |

> | `incl_filter` | yes | Which streetnames must be part of the route | "A321" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `incl_filter` | yes | Which street names must be part of the route | "A321" |
```

> | `excl_filter` | yes | Which streetnames must not be part of the route | "A321" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `excl_filter` | yes | Which street names must not be part of the route | "A321" |
```

> | `realtime` | yes | Use realtime or statistical data | True |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `realtime` | yes | Use real-time or statistical data | True |
```
real time as a noun is two words, but [hyphenated when used as an adjective](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/r/real-time).
